instrumenting routine: .text
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: _dl_debug_state
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: calloc
instrumenting routine: malloc
instrumenting routine: __libc_memalign
instrumenting routine: _dl_allocate_tls_init
instrumenting routine: _dl_debug_state
instrumenting routine: _init
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: bsearch
instrumenting routine: _start
instrumenting routine: .plt
instrumenting routine: __libc_start_main
instrumenting routine: __cxa_atexit
instrumenting routine: __libc_csu_init
instrumenting routine: _init
instrumenting routine: call_gmon_start
instrumenting routine: frame_dummy
instrumenting routine: register_tm_clones
instrumenting routine: _setjmp
instrumenting routine: __sigsetjmp
instrumenting routine: main
instrumenting routine: .plt
instrumenting routine: puts
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_xsputn
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_overflow
instrumenting routine: _IO_doallocbuf
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_doallocate
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_stat
instrumenting routine: __fxstat64
instrumenting routine: mmap
instrumenting routine: _IO_setb
instrumenting routine: _IO_do_write
instrumenting routine: _IO_default_xsputn
instrumenting routine: exit
instrumenting routine: __do_global_dtors_aux
instrumenting routine: deregister_tm_clones
instrumenting routine: _fini
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_overflow
instrumenting routine: _IO_do_write
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_write
instrumenting routine: write
hello world
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_setbuf
instrumenting routine: _IO_file_sync
instrumenting routine: _IO_setb
instrumenting routine: _exit
